## Agenda

### General Information
---
Date:           18 March 2021\
Main focus:     Improving the application design, and checking in on current progress\
Chair:          Gijs\
Notetaker:      Dorothy
  
  
### Opening
---
  
  
### Approval of the Agenda
---
  
  
### Announcements
---
  
  
### Points of Action
---
- Discuss the issues treated last week
- Discuss missing user stories
- Discuss improvements to the UI design
  
  
### Discussion
---
  
  
### Points of Action for the Next Week (Scrum board)
---
- Backend Issues: #10, #13, #14, #18, #19, #20, #22, #54
- Frontend Issues: #27, #28, #29, #30, #31
- BuddyCheck\
    - Deadline: March 19
- HCI Evaluation
  

### Questions for the TA
---
- Should we use a "development" branch or can we just merge into the master branch?
- Are we using enough GitLab features?
- Are we using milestones in the correct way?
- How should we be testing the server communication methods for the frontend?
- How should we be testing the views through Unit Testing?
  
- Would it be a good idea to have a manual "close question board" option instead of entering an end time?
- Should students be allowed to ask questions before the question board opens?
    - Should students be allowed to access the board before the specified start time?
- Should we allow users to enter a username?
- Should we allow moderators to ban specific IP addresses?
    - What should banned IP addresses be allowed to access?
    - Should these IP addresses be banned only for that specific question board?
- Should there be an event log that contains all activities?
    - What activities should it contain? 
        - Pace votes? Questions? Edits? Delete?
- Should moderators be allowed to limit the amount of activities per user?
    - Should this be for specific activity types?
- Does the UI look as you imagined?
    - Are there any improvements that you would like us to make?
  
  
### Question Round
---
  
  
### Closing
---
